#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via yahoofinancials
click==8.0.1
    # via flask
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
exchange-calendars==3.3
    # via pandas-market-calendars
flask==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via flask
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
korean-lunar-calendar==0.2.1
    # via exchange-calendars
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
pandas==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   pandas-market-calendars
pandas-market-calendars==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.3.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pyluach==1.3.0
    # via exchange-calendars
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-market-calendars
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-market-calendars
    #   yahoofinancials
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via sklearn
scipy==1.7.1
    # via scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cycler
    #   flask-cors
    #   python-dateutil
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
threadpoolctl==2.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
toolz==0.11.1
    # via exchange-calendars
torch==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via torch
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via flask
yahoofinancials==1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
